{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red63\green63\blue63;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl406\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. What query would you run to get all the countries that speak Slovene? Your query should return the name of the country, language and language percentage. Your query should arrange the result by language percentage in descending order. (1)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0  SELECT * FROM languages\
JOIN countries ON countries.id = languages.country_id\
WHERE languages.language = "Slovene";\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl406\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl504\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 2. What query would you run to display the total number of cities for each country? Your query should return the name of the country and the total number of cities. You query should arrange the result by the\'a0number of cities in descending order. (3)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 SELECT countries.name AS 'Country Name', count(cities.name) AS '# of cities' FROM cities\
JOIN countries ON countries.id = cities.country_id\
GROUP BY countries.name\
ORDER BY count(cities.name) DESC
\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl504\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 3. What query would you run to get all the cities in Mexico with a population of greater than 500,000? Your query should arrange the result by population in descending order. (1)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 SELECT * FROM cities\
JOIN countries ON countries.id = cities.country_id\
WHERE countries.name = "Mexico" AND cities.population > '500000'\
ORDER BY cities.population DESC;\

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl504\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 4. What query would you run to get all languages in each country with a percentage greater than 89%? Your query should arrange the result by percentage in descending order. (1)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 SELECT * FROM languages\
JOIN countries ON countries.id = languages.country_id\
WHERE percentage > '89'\
ORDER BY languages.percentage DESC;\

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl504\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 5. What query would you run to get all the countries with Surface Area below 501 and Population greater than 100,000? (2)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 SELECT * FROM countries\
WHERE surface_area < 501 AND population > 100000;
\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl504\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 6. What query would you run to get countries with only Constitutional Monarchy with a capital greater than 200 and a life expectancy greater than 75 years? (1)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 SELECT * FROM countries\
WHERE government_form = 'Constitutional Monarchy' AND  capital > 200 AND life_expectancy > 75;\
\

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl504\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 7. What query would you run to get all the cities of Argentina inside the Buenos Aires district and have the population greater than 500, 000? The query should return the Country Name, City Name, District and Population. (2)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 SELECT cities.name AS 'City Name',countries.name AS 'Country Name',district AS 'City District',cities.population AS 'City Population'	 FROM cities\
JOIN countries ON countries.id = cities.country_id\
WHERE countries.name = 'Argentina' AND cities.district = 'Buenos Aires' AND cities.population > 500000;\

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl504\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 8. What query would you run to summarize the number of countries in each region? The query should display the name of the region and the number of countries. Also, the query should arrange the result by the number of countries in descending order. (2)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 SELECT region,COUNT(name) FROM countries\
GROUP BY region
\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}